[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Were you born
with these mystic healing
abilities?
>>SONJA GRACE: I've
been able to see
all levels of the astral plane
since I was a little kid.
>>NOORY: Are you a
time traveler as well?
>>GRACE: When I
experience time travel,
it is a total physical
body experience.
We have moved into
the fifth dimension,
so it's a much higher frequency.
It's much more intense,
and we as a species
have never navigated this
kind of energy before.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: Well, welcome to this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Sonja Grace with us, author,
mystic healer, spirit traveler.
She works with clients
from around the world,
but you do it in a
different way, don't you?
>>GRACE: I do, George.
It's so good to see you.
>>NOORY: You too.
>>GRACE: I work on
people long distance,
but time and space is
not the same for me
as it is for most people.
So if someone's in Australia
clear around the other side
of the globe from
me, I can still
put myself in front of them
and work on them as if they
were right here in the room.
>>NOORY: How do you do that?
>>GRACE: I always
have the funny story,
because I was a classical
ballerina and danced
professionally for years,
that when you train and you
learn how to do turns,
you have to count,
of course, your music.
And I always joke that
in the count of eight,
how many Chaine turns can you
get in that count of eight?
And so you're literally
learning through movement
how to change time because
you're arriving sooner
or you're arriving later.
So I basically as a child and
growing up in a dance career,
I learned a different way of
moving through time and space.
>>NOORY: Were you born with
these mystic healing abilities?
>>GRACE: Yes, I was.
My earliest memories are of
my guide standing next to me,
having interaction with me.
They're high angelic beings.
>>NOORY: Were you a
little girl at the time?
>>GRACE: No, I was a baby.
My earliest memory
was two years old.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GRACE: Yeah, yeah.
And I was working on
our animals on the farm
that I lived on at five--
>>NOORY: That's where
got your practice.
>>GRACE: At five years
old, I was trying
to dissolve tumors on our dog.
>>NOORY: And did you succeed?
>>GRACE: Yeah, I did.
>>NOORY: Did you know
what you were doing?
>>GRACE: No, I did.
No.
And my childhood was
really challenging
because I was seeing everything.
I could see just
like I do today.
See it, hear it, feel it, smell
it, and weirdly taste things
sometimes.
And I have this constant
barrage of spiritual beings
and ghosts and people coming
through, and it was tough.
I mean, my childhood-- thank
god I grew up on a farm
because then I had the Earth
and the grounding of being
in that environment.
>>NOORY: You had
a way to escape.
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are you a
time traveler as well?
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Tell us about that.
What is time travel to you?
>>GRACE: Well, time
travel to me is
different than what most people
in the spiritual community
would understand.
The understanding is
astral projection,
and that's not
what happens to me.
I go into a very deep
state of meditation.
And George, I've been meditating
and teaching meditation
for 41 years now, so
I have a completely
different relationship
to that experience.
>>NOORY: Were you
one when you started?
>>GRACE: So I had an
experience at one point,
maybe, I don't know,
25, 30 years ago where
I went into
meditation, and my body
started to dissolve like
little grains of sand.
>>NOORY: Like a
teleportation device.
>>GRACE: No, it just dissolved.
Like I became one with
everything in the room.
And it was at that point that
my guides held their hand out
to me.
And I took their
hand, and we went up.
And we went up and
up and up all the way
to the center of the universe.
>>NOORY: And you're doing
this on a regular basis now?
>>GRACE: No, no.
I spirit travel when
I'm asked by my guides
to look at something or share
information with people.
I don't just go, OK, I'm
going to go here today.
>>NOORY: You don't do that--
>>GRACE: Plus I'm working
so hard with clients.
>>NOORY: Could you do
that if you wanted to?
>>GRACE: I'm so busy.
>>NOORY: Could you do it
at will if you wanted to?
>>GRACE: If I ask
my guides, would you
take me to Stonehenge or
wherever, they will comply.
But most of the time,
it's their suggestion
of where they want me to be.
>>NOORY: What are some of the
requirements for time travel
that you must be able to do?
>>GRACE: George, honestly,
I think that time travel
and what happened to me was
a result of years of practice
and being in meditation.
I don't think that
it's something
for everyone to be able to do.
I'm grateful that I can do it,
but there's a lot of danger
out there too.
And I've been to
different places
around the world in
different time periods
that I've looked at my
guides and said, get me out
of here because it's scary.
>>NOORY: It is scary sometimes.
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: On the Gaia
program, "Healing Matrix,"
Julia Mossbridge talks about
one very important component
to time travel.
>>JULIA MOSSBRIDGE: Yes, I
think not only is it related.
I think it's related in two
ways that are really important.
It's related in one way on
the application side, which
is if you're going to--
let's say we invent
actual physical time travel.
That also includes
mental time travel.
So the whole shebang, like
the science fiction version
where you take your self,
your body, and your memories,
and your personality
somewhere else in time.
Let's say we invent that.
>>SUE MORTER: Yeah.
>>MOSSBRIDGE: So assume
it's not impossible.
In a world such as we live--
in which we live today,
in this world, doing that
is going to cause
all sorts of problems
because it's an
egoic world that's
driven by a lot of fear
and scarcity, et cetera.
And so you could see the
problems that would emerge.
And so if you also have people
understanding more and more
around the world that there's
this unconditional love
and connection with
oneself over time,
that is the most powerful thing.
More powerful than
hate or anything else.
If you have both of
those understandings,
then this time
travel peace will be
used for something that will
be beneficial to humanity, not
just the person who's
using it, right?
And so that's an
application side,
but then there's a
technical side, which
is in terms of discovering
physical time travel along
with mental time travel
and really operationalizing
that in a process
that really works,
I think you're
actually going to need
some insights from the
consciousness side that says,
yes, consciousness is actually
this nonlocal primary thing,
force, field, whatever it is.
And there's something
mathematically scientifically
technically true about how
that works that we don't quite
know yet that that's going to
give us information about how
to do the time travel.
So I think in both the
application and the technology,
I think you need
that connection.
>>MORTER: And how fascinating
that unconditional love
is the melding ingredient.
It's something that is
required for the most
effective and efficient
use of time travel.
It's interesting because it
is also the most important
ingredient when someone
is truly attempting
to access higher levels of
their own consciousness.
This quality of
unconditional love.
It's a vibrational frequency
that is bridging the world, so
to speak.
>>NOORY: You and Julia make
it sound easy to time travel.
>>GRACE: Well, I
wouldn't call it easy
because I do experience the
cold, I experience wind,
I experience the elements.
A lot of times before I go, I
put a coat on because I know--
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>GRACE: Because I know
I may be going someplace
where it's really cold.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GRACE: And when I
come back, George,
I think I've only been longed
for maybe 20 30 minutes,
and the clock is like
four hours later.
>>NOORY: Hours later.
>>GRACE: So I have
to be careful when
I go because I work
with clients all day
long doing healing work.
I can't take a half an hour
break because my guides want
to take me somewhere.
It's like, I've got to
have time available.
>>NOORY: Do you ever
miss the past much?
>>GRACE: The past is mostly
where I have time travelled to.
I am not a person to readily
run off into the future,
although a lot of people want
to know about what's going
to happen in the future, right?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRACE: We all want to know.
>>NOORY: We all want to know.
>>GRACE: But when
we look to the past,
we can figure that
out very easily.
>>NOORY: If you alter
the past, and can you?
>>GRACE: No.
>>NOORY: You cannot.
>>NOORY: Can you
just witness things
that are happening but
you can't get involved?
>>GRACE: Correct.
I'm just witnessing it.
>>NOORY: Could you alter
it if you wanted to?
>>GRACE: No, well, first
of all, I wouldn't do that
because that's not--
>>NOORY: That's not you.
>>GRACE: That's not my style.
Yeah, I wouldn't do that.
>>NOORY: Some people would.
>>GRACE: I know, I know.
And it's a dangerous landscape
that we live in spiritually
because there's good intentions,
there's bad intentions.
There's people who know
what they're doing,
there's people who don't
know what they're doing.
So as the world goes
through the centuries,
that's always been the case.
And I believe that what
was said about having
this incredible
compassion and heart space
is what allowed me in my
meditation to experience
dissolving into nothing.
And once that
happened, then it's
continued to happen
over the years.
>>NOORY: Over again.
Interesting.
>>GRACE: And I think I
want to keep going back
to a really deep
meditation practice is
what is going to help all of
us to get where we need to be.
>>NOORY: What is the Third,
Fourth, and Fifth Worlds?
What are they?
>>GRACE: Well, according
to Hopi and the Hopi--
>>NOORY: Native
American Hopi prophecy.
>>GRACE: Yes, tradition, yes.
There's four worlds that
we have lived in so far.
>>NOORY: On this planet?
>>GRACE: Yes.
The First World started
back when Earth was created.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>GRACE: OK.
There were people that were
created in that First World
by Grandmother Spider.
She's called [NON-ENGLISH].
>>NOORY: Grandmother Spider?
>>GRACE: Grandmother Spider
created the first people.
And when those people--
>>NOORY: Is this like God?
>>GRACE: Well, no, the
God according to Hopi
is the Maasaw, and he
was the only one that
was on Earth at the beginning.
And he had a torch,
because there was no light,
and Grandmother
Spider was there.
She created the
twins, the two twins
that hold up the
Earth so that they
could keep the poles balanced.
>>NOORY: So that's world one.
>>GRACE: That's in
the First World.
So the people were created.
During that creation
there were the Hopi gods,
and through the
sun lighting up--
which is Dawa, the sun--
there were rays of
light that came.
And on those rays of light
were these beings, really tall.
14 feet tall, blond
hair, blue eyes--
>>NOORY: Giants?
>>GRACE: Pleiadians.
Pleiadians are gods.
They're not aliens.
So the Pleiadians came
during this First World,
and they helped they
worked with the Hopi gods.
So then the First World ended.
There was fire-- that's what
took it to its final end.
The Second World was created,
and that was even more--
like the people learned
songs, and they stood up,
and they started to dance.
And there was an evolutionary
process of the Hopi people.
That ended in floods.
Then the third World
happened, and the Third World
was even more advanced.
And this was a time
where the people started
to bring in not only the
ceremonies but put all of it
together.
>>NOORY: Did something
dramatic happened
during the Third World?
>>GRACE: The Third World ended
when the comets hit the Earth
12,800 BC.
Atlantis, Lemuria, Aztlán.
>>NOORY: Wiped out everything.
>>GRACE: All of
them fell, correct.
>>NOORY: What is
the significance
of what is called the kivas for
the Hopis and Pueblo people?
>>GRACE: The kivas
are the round chambers
that are built underground.
They're all over Chaco
Canyon, the four corners.
There's kivas in
ancient ruins site.
>>NOORY: What are
their purposes, Sonja?
>>GRACE: They're for
the people to practice,
to pray, and to do ceremony in.
>>NOORY: Were they very
spiritual, these people?
>>GRACE: Very spiritual,
very connected.
In fact, the ancient people--
I was really thinking
about this when
I made the film "Hisatsinom."
The people were so
connected to the Earth.
They were so present, George.
They didn't have a
phone in their hand.
television running.
They were so present.
And so anything that
they experienced
was like right there.
It was immediate.
>>NOORY: They had their
act together, didn't they?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is
the Great Migration?
>>GRACE: Well, the
Great Migration
had to do with the end
of the Third World.
Right?
There were floods.
Some people went underground.
The Ant People, the Savarak,
took them underground.
Some people went up.
The Pleiadians took
some people up,
and some people migrated
North, South, East,
West, in all directions.
>>NOORY: In your film,
"Spirit Traveler,"
you talk about the ancient
people of the Southwest
and the stories of
their Great Migration.
>>GRACE: Stories of migration
are an intricate part
of Pueblo cultures.
When the Third World
ended, great civilizations
like Atlantis and Lemuria fell.
The area known as Aztlán, now
marked on the map as Cancun,
Mexico, was the hub of
Indigenous people from all over
North and South America.
Some of the ancient
people migrated
before the comets hit
the Earth in 12,800 BC
and started the long
trek North and South.
Some were washed away
in the Great Flood,
and some were taken underground.
The emergence from the
Sipapu in the Grand Canyon
was the indication that the
Fourth World was beginning.
When it was safe to
emerge, the people
climbed out of the Sipapu
into the Grand Canyon.
The direction of
where people migrated
was according to the clans.
Each clan was
reliant on signs that
led them to their destination.
Pictographs of bear paws,
birds, and other clan deities
cover the migration trail.
It was the highly initiated
men who carved the stories
into the walls of the Canyon.
In essence, the migration
of the Fourth World
looks like a basket with trails
woven throughout the Southwest.
What is recorded in
pictographs and petroglyphs
is reflecting the times of what
was important to the people.
Depictions of gods and spiritual
deities, spirals, plans,
and migration patterns are
found throughout the Southwest.
Handprints that cover the
walls show how many people
are living there,
marking initiations
and rites of passage.
>>NOORY: And is
there a Fifth World?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: And what is that?
>>GRACE: Well, that's
where we're headed.
>>NOORY: We're not there yet.
>>GRACE: We're
not there yet, no.
And this is why in the
spiritual community,
so many people are
rushing to kind of get
their spiritual groove on
because everybody feels it.
I don't care what religion or
what spiritual practice you're
in, everybody is feeling this.
We've got people buying
property all over the world.
Crazy traveling, moving.
There's all kinds of changes
that people internally feel,
and it's because we're
coming to the end
of this phase of humanity.
>>NOORY: Is that a good thing?
>>GRACE: Well, yeah,
of course, of course.
This isn't about, oh no,
it's all coming to an end
and we all have to be scared.
>>NOORY: So this is
not end times prophecy?
>>GRACE: No, no, no.
This is about transition and
evolution of our species.
So when the Fourth
World ends, yeah, there
might be some Earth events
that mark that time--
>>NOORY: Still could be.
>>GRACE: But the Fifth
World will begin.
And our children, our
grandchildren, they're
the ones that will herald
the next phase of humanity.
>>NOORY: Will there
be a Sixth World?
>>GRACE: I believe there will.
>>NOORY: Then it goes on and on.
>>GRACE: I really
believe, George,
that we are so
multidimensional, that we
have all these different
dimensions that we're
experiencing.
Timelines, my god,
timelines have
literally almost disintegrated
the boundaries between them.
And I'm watching people
experience things
from different times and
different time periods,
and they don't understand
what's happening,
and it's because we have moved
into the Fifth Dimension.
So it's a much higher frequency.
It's much more intense,
and we as a species
have never navigated this
kind of energy before.
>>NOORY: Sonja, how did
the ancients know this?
How did they get this knowledge?
>>GRACE: They were not
blocked and confused
by all of the things that we
have blocking and confusing us
right now.
OK, if you just look at
it on an electromagnetic--
>>NOORY: Oh, we're
confused just about every--
>>GRACE: Level-- well,
we've got 5G going.
We've got all kinds of
weird energies coming in.
We've got phones in our hands.
We have all of this
technology that's fantastic,
but it is taking people offline.
They're not listening to their
inner truth, their inner voice.
>>NOORY: What was
your motivation
behind "Spirit Traveler?"
>>GRACE: Well, I wanted to
show people the natural world.
I wanted to connect people back
to what the Hopi people knew
and what they still know today.
And I wanted to show people
how these ancient sites can
connect us to what's going
to happen in the future.
>>NOORY: Who were the Ant
People in Hopi prophecy?
>>GRACE: The Ant People
were the ones who
helped the people underground.
They created tunnels
all over the world
and took the people into safety.
>>NOORY: Are they there now?
>>GRACE: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: How big is
the civilization?
>>GRACE: Well,
there's quite a few,
but they live way
underground, so--
>>NOORY: In caverns?
>>GRACE: Yeah, caverns, tunnels.
>>NOORY: What do
they do for light?
>>GRACE: They have lamps.
No, I'm kidding.
>>NOORY: They might.
They might.
>>GRACE: No, there is a
source of light that comes in,
and these beings have
been here on Earth
since the beginning of Earth.
They came from the same part of
the universe as the Hopi gods,
as the Egyptian gods.
It's very interesting.
They're dialed in to all of it.
>>NOORY: How far advanced were
they then compared to us today?
I mean, they didn't have
computers, as you said.
They didn't have that
kind of technology,
but they had something
else, didn't they?
>>GRACE: They did.
I believe through their
spiritual practice
and what they connected to,
they were much more advanced,
but they didn't
take it where we've
taken it through technology.
They took it into their
actual spiritual practice.
>>NOORY: Where did
aliens fit in with this?
>>GRACE: Yeah, aliens.
>>NOORY: Are they out there?
>>GRACE: They've been a part
of our human development
since 20 million years ago
when our species arrived.
So yes, there is an amazing
connection to alien influence
and where humans are at today.
In my film, I do talk
about the alien influence.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Did they interact much
with the ancients?
>>GRACE: Yes, they did.
You know, George,
there's a story
that I was told about Hopi,
where a long time ago,
and I'm going to say
like in the 1800s,
there were stories passed
through the families of aliens.
And I'm talking probably
Greys or small Greys,
walking with people in the
villages holding their hands.
>>NOORY: They're comfortable.
>>GRACE: There's all kinds
of stories like that.
Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: Where were their craft?
>>GRACE: Well,
there's canyons there,
and there's reports
of the crafts landing
in these canyons.
Even my dad out there
saw a round spaceship
like a flying saucer
with a globe on top,
and it was right at
the end of the road.
And him and a friend, they
were about 10 and 12 years old,
laid on top of the ridge
watching this thing,
and then they got really
scared and they ran home.
>>NOORY: Does Sedona
possess some kind
of magical or mystical feeling?
>>GRACE: Sedona is like any
land on any reservation.
There are things
that live there.
There are energies
And some of these things, we're
not supposed to tamper with.
We're not supposed to go near--
>>NOORY: It's taboo--
>>GRACE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --so to speak.
>>GRACE: Yeah,
because out at Hopi,
I mean, we don't go to
Sedona to find these things.
We respect them and
leave them alone
because they're very powerful.
So you've got a lot of the
spiritual community searching
and wanting to go
find these energies.
But like in any
part of the world,
you can also run into
some danger doing that.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
How did you get
interested in this, Sonja?
That's not a field that you
wake up in the morning and say,
I'm going to become a mystic
healer or I'm going to do this.
How did this happen?
>>GRACE: Well, I had my
experiences through childhood,
seeing all the ghosts
and spiritual beings
and angels and demigods
coming into my house.
But as a dancer, I
kept finding myself
going between those two worlds.
I'd be ready to go out
on stage, and there
would be some ghost of that
theater standing there.
>>NOORY: I should have
you a little dance for us.
>>GRACE: But yeah, right?
>>NOORY: I bet you could do it.
>>GRACE: No, no.
But there's such a time
where you reach a point
that you can't
deny it any longer,
and that's what happened to me.
I could not deny the
gifts that I had and I
had to do something about it or
I believe I would not be here.
>>NOORY: How extensive have
you searched out and traveled
in these areas?
>>GRACE: I've gone all the
way out into the universe.
I've--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GRACE: Yeah, I've spirit
traveled to some different
places--
>>NOORY: Like through
remote viewing?
>>GRACE: No, actually
through time travel.
I've been taken--
>>NOORY: Physically?
>>GRACE: Physically
by my guides.
And remember, George, when
I experience time travel,
it is a total physical
body experience.
It's not my mind or
astral projecting.
>>NOORY: How do you
get into that mode?
>>GRACE: I go into meditation.
I go into a very
deep meditation.
I do my grounding
meditation, and then my body
starts to dissolve.
>>NOORY: Is it
astral projection?
>>GRACE: No, it's not.
And then my guides hold their
hands out, and they take me.
And when I go, it is my
etheric body, my soul body
that's going with them.
>>NOORY: Out-of-body experiences
and astral projections
are somewhat different.
They talk about it on
Gaia's program, "Microdose."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NARRATOR: Another experiment
by Janet Lee Mitchell
and Karlis Osis studied
clairvoyant Ingo Swann
and revealed that he
correctly identified eight out
of eight target observations
while out of body.
The probability of this
occurring by chance
was 1 in 40,000.
In the general population,
about 1 in 10 people
have claimed to have an
out-of-body experience
at one point in their lives.
This experience of
leaving the body
is called an Out-Of-Body
experience or OBE,
which is sometimes described
as a separation of one's
astral form from
their physical body.
This experience is
commonly referred
to as astral projection.
>>JASON QUITT: Once
I'm out of my body,
there's no such thing
as time or space.
So we can jump
through timelines,
we could jump
through dimensions,
and there's many different
levels of experience
in those realms.
>>NARRATOR: But besides
having an experience where
you can fly anywhere
or any time you want,
what are some of the
other benefits you
can get from this practice?
According to a survey, 86% of
399 out-of-body participants
had a greater
awareness of reality.
>>WILLIAM BUHLMAN: Your
whole reality changes.
Your perception of
reality changes.
What's important to you
changes, and your emphasis
through life changes.
Your trajectory in life
changes because you're
no longer obsessed with
the acquisition of things.
>>NARRATOR: Out-of-body
experiences,
as mystical as they might
seem, have scientific evidence
to suggest that they
might be very real.
There are many claimed
benefits of the practice,
but what seems to be universal
across all astral travel
is learning more about your
personal human experience
and the world that we
live in and beyond.
>>BUHLMAN: The old concepts
of body, mind, spirit
are primitive and inaccurate.
We are multidimensional beings.
We exist on many
different dimensions.
And when you have an
out-of-body experience,
you're shifting
your consciousness
into an energy body that
is already an aspect of us,
of all of us.
>> Astral travel is a tool to
awaken ourselves so fully that
we develop deeper connection
to our multidimensionality.
We learn about ourselves
and our purpose,
and we can take what
we learn from it
and then put it into
service in this world.
>>NOORY: What is
the real difference
between astral projection
and time travel?
>>GRACE: Well, as we saw in
the clip, astral traveler,
astral projection is a way
to explore the universe
and explore different things.
I always urge caution to
people because there's things
out there that you
don't want to run into--
aliens, entities.
All of it exists in
the astral plane.
It is a very common use
of astral projecting.
In time travel I experience,
a whole body kind
of gone experience, where
my body is just a shell,
and my soul is what leaves
and goes to those places.
That's even more
dangerous, and of course, I
don't go without a whole lot
of protection with my guides.
>>NOORY: What if
you can't get back?
>>GRACE: I'm going
to try to call you.
>>NOORY: Long distance.
>>GRACE: George,
come and get me.
>>NOORY: No, is that
conceivable, I mean,
that you time travel
and you can't get back?
>>GRACE: That's why I'm so
careful about doing this.
>>NOORY: So it could happen.
>>GRACE: And that's why I don't
promote that everybody learn
how to astral project, because
even though it's a great tool--
>>NOORY: They may not be ready.
>>GRACE: They may not be ready,
and that's a really big point.
When I time travel, like I
said to you, I'm very careful.
I only go where my guides
take me, and I am protected.
I'm protected.
>>NOORY: Is there a
difference between aliens,
demigods, angels?
>>GRACE: Yes, there
is a difference.
So in the astral
plane, that space that
exists between us here and
heaven, the spirit realm,
everything exists from
angels and demigods,
which are the closest to God.
And then on down the line, you
have aliens, you have entities,
you have demons,
smarmy, creepy things.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRACE: So you have
everything that exists.
And I've been able to see all
levels of the astral plane
since I was a little kid,
born with that ability.
So my experience
now is when I work,
and it's been this since I
started working as a healer,
I only work with angels.
I work and talk
with the demigods,
but I don't interact with
entities or aliens or that kind
of thing because their vibration
is not conducive to help me
in helping people to heal.
>>NOORY: Are they evil?
>>GRACE: No, I think
aliens are like humans
in that they have an agenda.
They come here for
water, they come here
for natural resources--
>>NOORY: Minerals.
>>GRACE: They come
here for tissue sample
because they want to
repopulate their species
by making some kind of hybrid.
So they've got an agenda.
We have an agenda.
Humans are famous for
having an agenda, right?
And I think that
communicating with aliens
is very tricky because they
want something from humans.
>>NOORY: And are you
prepared to give that up?
>>GRACE: Not at all, no.
I have very clear boundaries.
Me and aliens, huh-uh,
no, there's a boundary.
You're over there, I'm here.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Where do
you live these days?
>>GRACE: In Arizona.
>>NOORY: On a reservation?
>>GRACE: We're just a couple
of hours from the reservation.
>>NOORY: Why are you there?
>>GRACE: Well, I'm
married to a Hopi man.
>>NOORY: Oh, are you?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And Shawn and our families
are on the reservation
so we're close--
>>NOORY: Does he still
practice the Hopi tradition?
>>GRACE: Yes, he does.
And I think that's a
great point, George.
So many people who saw
"Dances with Wolves"
believed that Native Americans
ended when that movie was over.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GRACE: And that's not true.
Native people are
alive and well.
>>NOORY: They're
wonderful people.
>>GRACE: And the
ceremonies are going on,
and everybody still
practices their traditions.
And I wanted people
to really hear
that because I feel
that a lot of times,
their cultures and their
practices are disregarded.
And they're not gone.
They're here.
>>NOORY: Are they
believers, the Hopis,
in extraterrestrial life?
>>GRACE: Very much.
Very much so.
>>NOORY: UFOs, do
things like that happen?
Do you see things out there?
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
There's these plasma
balls, these light balls--
>>NOORY: Orbs?
>>GRACE: Yeah, that
have been seen.
I get videos sent to me all
the time from friends of mine
out there, and they
flicker, and then they move
and really erratic
kind of movement,
and there's groupings of them.
There's big ones, small ones.
They're incredible.
>>NOORY: What's so magical
about the reservations?
>>GRACE: They're
happening more and more.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>GRACE: Well, because I
believe that in Hopi prophecy,
as they say, there will
be a fair-haired man,
white man coming from the
East carrying a tablet that is
a part of their prophecy--
>>NOORY: Sounds like Moses.
>>GRACE: Right.
And a lot of people have
interpreted that prophecy
as being a white guy coming
from the East with a tablet,
but it's not.
>>NOORY: It sounds like it.
>>GRACE: It's not.
It's the Pleiadians.
They are going to be
the ones to come back,
and they are very much
a part of Hopi culture.
>>NOORY: Why are
they so important?
>>GRACE: Because
they helped develop
all these different
societies around the world.
They helped develop
Tiwanaku, Stonehenge.
They've been a part
of Hopi culture.
They've been a part of so
many different cultures.
>>NOORY: So they're friendly?
>>GRACE: The Pleiadians
are demigods.
They have come to help
humans over and over again.
>>NOORY: What do they
look like, Sonja?
>>GRACE: They're tall.
They're like 14 feet high.
Blond, white hair, blue,
blue eyes, very fair skin.
>>NOORY: How big are their
craft if they're 14 feet high?
>>GRACE: I don't think
all aliens travel
in the way of craft.
I think many times, they're
able to use gateways.
In Tiwanaku, there is
a gateway to the sun.
And the Pleiadians showed me how
they came and travelled through
that gateway to the people.
So that wasn't by craft,
that was through a wormhole,
some kind of energy--
>>NOORY: Like
dimensional shifts.
>>GRACE: Sure, sure.
>>NOORY: Or something like that.
>>GRACE: Sure.
>>NOORY: Have you learned
much from the Pleiadians?
>>GRACE: I have.
They've really told me on
all of my spirit travels
that I've run into them and had
a chance to talk with them how
they developed a place, why they
developed it, the ceremonies
that they taught the people.
There's so much that they
have given to the human race.
And they want no credit.
They're not here to somehow
brag about what they've done.
They help us and then they go.
>>NOORY: What
extraterrestrial species--
maybe it is the
Pleiadians-- that still
play an important role for us?
Is it just them?
>>GRACE: It's the Pleiadians.
There's a lot of
extraterrestrials
that are wanting to take over.
The Reptilians are always
trying to take over.
The Greys, they've
come in many times
and tried various
ways to step in.
There's new aliens, new
groups coming in all the time,
and they're trying to influence
humans to do their agenda.
>>NOORY: Interesting now on
Gaia's "Initiation" show,
Matias de Stefano talks about
humanity's guiding forces.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: So the
purpose of Pleiadian people
is like being those high masters
and guides in the matter that
tells us why we are here and
what we can do to improve
ourselves, what we can
do to enlight ourselves
to understand reality.
How we can transform matter
and time in every reality
that we have created.
So they are the guides of the
spiritual world in the material
world.
And the Arcturian
people are the ones
taking care of the
matter of the structures.
They are like the doctors and
the scientists of the galaxy.
They were the ones
trying to bring
all these enlightened concepts
of spiral and understanding
the importance of these
spiritual patterns
to the physical ones and
put them all together.
So they discover how
spirituality moves through DNA,
through evolution,
and they evolve
in their own planets trying
to take much power as possible
from the spiritual world
through the physical bodies.
So both of them are
kind of the same
looking in different
perspectives.
The Pleiadians has the goal
to bring Heaven on Earth,
and the Arctruians has the goal
to bring that Earth to Heaven.
But it's not a goal that they
want to leave the material
world, but they want to create
a physical world that is exactly
the same as the ethereal one.
So improving this reality,
improving the matter in order
to create civilizations
and create beings
aligned with the light that
is within the structures
of the three
dimensional realities.
>>NOORY: Well, he
echoes, Sonja, many
of the things you've said
on this program today.
>>GRACE: Yes.
And that the
influence that humans
have had throughout
time, whether it's
the Pleiadians or other
demigods, is immense.
It's immense.
And if we look to the past
and we look at the gods
that the people worshiped,
just in one culture,
there's little figurines,
deities, all these things.
It reveals to us the
massive amount of influence
that people have had.
>>NOORY: If you could wave
a magic wand over this world
we're in now, what
would you try to fix?
>>GRACE: I would want
to instill in people
that even though we're
here in this Fourth World
and we're watching the end of
this phase of humanity happen,
I would want to instill in
people the very image that's
on those rocks, those
ancient sites that I visited,
which is the spiral.
The spiral is about eternity.
It's our journey as we
walk that spiral to God.
And it's so important
that we have hope.
If we lose our hope
because we're feeling like,
oh, my representatives
aren't doing their job
or the gas prices
are too high or some
hopelessness that
people can get,
then we're going to
have a hard time.
We must keep our
energy up, and we
must keep our energy filled
with hope because that's
what keeps our species
going, and that's
what keeps us connected
as we walk that spiral.
>>NOORY: So as you look
down the tunnel of light,
is it hopeful for
us for the future?
>>GRACE: Yes, it's very hopeful.
We're going to have some trials.
We're going to have some
times that will be tough,
and it will bring us
all closer together,
which is what's happened
over history, right?
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>GRACE: We've seen
it over and over.
If we could just
look to the past,
we will learn about how to
manage and help ourselves
in the future.
>>NOORY: And you're
into technology too.
Don't you have a new app out?
>>GRACE: I do.
My app is called
Spirit Traveler.
>>NOORY: What does it do?
>>GRACE: It's taking
people into the Pyramid.
And inside the pyramid,
they're discovered--
>>NOORY: Literally.
>>GRACE: Literally.
It's totally 3D.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
>>GRACE: They're discovering
the physical, mental, emotional,
and spiritual bodies, and
they can access and learn
about what is their liver,
what is their pancreas, what
is the soul body, what is
the amygdala in the brain?
There's meditations,
there's all kinds of things.
It's wonderful.
>>NOORY: What is
next for you, Sonja?
>>GRACE: Well, I'll
be out there working
day in and day out with all
my clients and helping people.
>>NOORY: You love humanity.
>>GRACE: I do.
I do, and I love you, George.
>>NOORY: Sonja, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>GRACE: Thank you so much.
I really love being
here with you.
>>NOORY: You've touched a
lot of lives over the years,
and she'll continue
to touch lives
because she is a mystic healer.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]